# Disruptive_FA
Disrupting the financial advisory industry

CS 122 Win-17

The main algorithm in our project was a Discounted Cash Flow calculator.  A Discounted Cash Flow is a way of 
valuing what a company will be worth in the future.  DCFs are especially useful on companies that have a steady 
growth rate and a strong historical record.  The idea behind a DCF is cash today is worth more than it is in the future.Therefore, when calculating a company's future cash flows, it is important to discounted the cash back to what it would be worth today.  DCFs can be extremely research demanding and require intuition on where its financial numbers will be in the future (e.g. revenue, Sales, General, Admin, depreciation, etc.).  While DCFs take into account external present factors to project growth, we attempted to model each financial value using a linear regression model.  We also wanted the DCF to take into account an investor's risk averse score.  A DCF can handle this score when calculating a company's WACC or weighted average cost of capital.  Part of WACC is finding risk premium, which is rm - risk free, where risk free tends to be the 10 year Treasury rate.  The rm typical is the market risk, which tends to be around 9.5%.  This leads to a risk premium around 7%.  We attributed a risk neutral investor to a risk premium that's equivalent to market risk.  A riskier person will have a lower rm and a risk averse person will have a higher rm.  This may seem counter intuitive, but this risk premium is the return that an investor would need to expect to make the investment. While pulling data, we noticed that there was some missing data for some companies, which could create potential errors in our calculations. Our function returns a True value if we are missing data in our stock and notifies our investor that our recommendation could be incorrect due to missing data.  The final function returns the predicted price per share of the company, a financial table of all our Future Free Cash Flow projections, a list of years, if data is inaccurate, and a buy/sell rating.  Our website takes these returned values and presents the price per share and buy/sell rating if data is sufficient.  It does not return a recommendation if data is missing.  It also uses the financial table and list of years to create a CSV so investors can see our calculations.